Proposal
================
Deepak Sidhu, Nicholas Wu, William Xu, Zeliha Ural Merpez

01/15/2021

## Motivation and Purpose

Our role: Happy Immigration Consultancy

Target audience: Customers who are considering countries to move to for
retirement

Immigration consultant team has helped many clients in order to obtain a
happy retirement over years. Upon your entry and allowing the
consultants to ask about your preferences, we would connect with you
within minutes with the perfect match of your retirement paradise.

There are over one hundred countries in the world and it is convenient
for individuals to travel to different countries nowadays. Many are
looking for an ideal country to settle in for retirement. However, there
are too many options and it is hard to select without background
information. To facilitate these decision-makings, we propose building
an interactive data visualization app that allows customers to visually
explore the ranking of countries based on a wide variety of factors,
such as GDP per capita, healthy life expectancy, social support, freedom
to make life choices, etc. Our app will allow customers to find a
country that fits their specific needs; a country they can spend time
happily for the rest of their lives.

## Data Description Part

The immigration consulting group will be providing visualizations and
comparisons of the retirement aspects and benefits of 101 countries. The
information for each country includes 11 associated features that
describe the aspects of the different areas of living cost (rent index,
groceries index, cost index, purchasing index), the country’s economic
status (GDP per capita), health benefits (life expectancy), social
welfare (social support, freedom, generosity, corruption) and the
happiness score of the country which provides information on how happy
the population is. The data comes from two streams, the first stream
provides information about the aspects of happiness of a country and the
second stream is about the statistics of living. Based on the client’s
preference on the happiness aspects of a country, the visualization
provides comparison of the countries’ living conditions, which helps to
narrow down the choices for the client for a country to live during
retirement.

## Research Questions and Usage Scenarios

Ben is a 49-year-old data scientist who made a fortune by writing data
science packages for multinational corporations in the early 2000’s. He
lives in New York with his wife, Grace, who is an interior designer.
With their son turning 18 and going to college this year, Ben and Grace
are thinking of moving to a new country for an early retirement. They
want to be able to \[explore\] the happiness report dataset in order to
\[compare\] different countries based on various conditions and
\[identify\] the most desirable country for them to live for the rest of
their lives. When Ben and Grace log on to the “Happy Immigration App”,
they will see comparisons and rankings on various aspects of 101
countries. They can filter out regions, countries and preferences for a
head-to-head comparison in detail between countries, or rank countries
based on their preferences by region.

Having lived in New York for their entire lives, Ben and Grace wanted to
move to a place where it is less crowded. So Ben and Grace chose
population density under preferences, and they easily picked out those
countries with the least density. Ben and Grace are also firm believers
of their right to freedom, so they chose freedom as a second preference,
and ranked these countries based on freedom scores. When they did so,
Ben and Grace found out that Switzerland is the best match for them to
retire to. So they made an appointment with Happy Immigration
Consultancy for advice.
