reflection-milestone2
================
Deepak Sidhu, Nicholas Wu, William Xu, Zeliha Ural Merpez

# Reflection

## What We Have Implemented

We have developed the dashboard according to our proposal set the
Milestone 1. The “World Happiness Ranking” plot in the middle shows the
happiness index on a world map. We added the tooltip function so a user
can hover over to see the actual happiness index of each country. The
dashboard has two dropdown menus on the left that the user can make
selection to, for the region and preferences that he/she wishes to
explore. Default selections have been set so plots will be automatically
generated if a user logs on. Once the user makes choices from the
dropdown menus, three plots will get updated. The bar chart on the right
ranks countries within the region of user’s choice by user’s preference.
The Country-to-Country comparison section at the bottom aims to help the
user to make direct comparisons between countries through two
inter-related plots. The first one is a colored error bar chart that
ranks countries within the region by their happiness scores. The second
one is a colored bar chart that ranks countries by population density. A
user can click on either one of the plots to highlight two countries,
and the other plot will automatically highlight the same countries so a
user can compare two countries in both population density and happiness
score.

## What Is Not Yet Implemented

Due to time constraint, we left out two pie charts that help the user
visualize the proportion between population and migrants of each
country, and a widget that lists out country specific details such as
cost of living index, purchasing power, groceries index and rent index.
Potentially, we would use cards as a tool to arrange this widget.

Some countries are not showing on the world map due to missing data in
our data set. With more time, we wish to rectify this on our world map
plot.

We would also like to add `country` as another drop down menu and more
links across plots, so a user can have more flexibility in exploring the
world’s happiness data set and its related matrices.

We also wish to have more time to improve the overall aesthetic of the
dashboard so that the plots are positioned more evenly and the app is
more comfortable for users to interact with.

## What Our Dashboard Does Well

We provided clear instruction throughout the dashboard to make sure it
is easy to use. The color scheme was carefully chosen to be consistent
overall so the dashboard convey a high level of professionalism. We also
provided links between plots so a user can easily make observations on
countries across different dimensions.

## Limitation

1.  Due to data availability, not all countries are included in our
    happiness data set.
2.  The options of user preference are limited by our happiness data
    set. We realize that a user may wish to explore other preferences
    that are not included in our data set.
